[Autogenerated] If you were just defining a very basic provider for a W s,
you could simply say provider A W s with the curly braces and that's it and
specify the rest of the settings through environment variables.
Now that would create a default provider that has no name associated with it.
Now let's say we wanted to add another provider to the mix that uses,
say, a different A W s account.
Okay, now are things are getting interesting in our provider.
We have an argument called the alias,
and the alias is kind of the name of that instantiate of the provider.
Most objects in terra form follow the format of name,
type of object and then a name label for the object.
But that is not the case for providers.
The way that you give a name label to a provider is through that
alias meta argument and then within their we can,
specify the region as well as the profile in our security credentials
that we want to use for this particular provider.
Another way to specify an instance of a provider is
once again giving it an alias,
say prod east because we want to use this instance of the
provider for our production East deployment and then
specifying a region for this provider, which would be the U.
S East one region for AWS.
So, as you can see,
you can either differentiate on the AWS account or you could
differentiate on the region or you could do both.
Now, how do you references these aliases within your configuration?
Let's take a look at how you do it for a resource.
If we're defining a resource,
let's say in I am role called SEC role within the
configuration block of that resource,
we're going to provide the argument provider and
reference the instance of the A.
W s provider by doing a W s dot the alias that we've
assigned so a W s dot security in this case.
So that's how you do it for a resources.
And this same pattern works for data sources.
If we were trying to do this for a module, think about what's in a module.
You may have one or more providers in a module,
so you have to give it a map of providers that you want to use
that maps the provider inside the module to the instance of the
provider in your main configuration.
How would we do that?
Well, the argument is providers,
and then we provide it with a map of the provider name within the module.
In this case, for the VPC, it's just called a W s.
It's the default provider and then we can make it
equal to a W s dot prod Azure east.
If there were multiple providers in the module,
you would add an additional entry in this map for each of those
providers where you wanted to use these alias.
If you don't provide anything,
it assumes you want to use the default provider you've
defined in your main configuration.
Getting back to our example,
we want to deploy this set of IPCs to two different regions.
So we're going to make use of that alias argument and also make
use of the region setting within the provider. Why don't we go over to V s code and see how we would go about that